Only considering GameLogic folder in my answers because that's where the implementation is.
It's also the folder all of our tests targeted.

N = 12
locs = 401
locsavg = 33.42
Mtotal = 44
Mavg = 3.67
Mmax = 8
cabe = 137
cabeavg = 11.42

N' = 12
T = 46
Tlocs = 388
Tlocsavg = 32.33
E = unsure, didn't keep track of it
Eavg = N/A
bugs = 22

The covered classes are all classes in GameLogic. The coverage is 100% for each of them.

Optionals: Automated Testing of Dungeon by using FsCheck. I didn't do the second part of checking if the constructor is
sufficiently random, but all of the methods do have their own FsChecks. I found every bug in the Dungeon class (12 of them)
this way because I started out by using this approach. It felt unnecessary to first try regular unit tests when I was
planning to use FsCheck anyway.
Approach:
constructor is tested by creating a random sized Dungeon and checking if it's valid.
shortestpath is tested by selecting two somewhat random nodes from a random sized Dungeon and checking if it's a path.
disconnect is tested by checking if a random sized Dungeon is still a valid dungeon of the right level after disconnecting
a random bridge.
level is tested by removing a random bridge from a random sized Dungeon. Then another random bridge is selected. If
this bridge's level is higher, it should only be reachable from the end and no longer from the start. If it's lower,
it should only be reachable from the start and not from the end. If this property holds, that means the right level
is given for both bridges.

Member 1: Fabian Machielsen
Contribution: Implementing and testing the Dungeon class (which also includes Bridge and part of Node automatically).
              Writing this report.
Effort percentage: 33.33%

Member 2: Shaqquile Pengel
Contribution: Implementing and testing combat, and testing Item, Monster, Pack, Player, and Creature classes.
Effort percentage: 33.33%

Member 3: Pepijn Thijssens
Contribution: Implementing and testing game creation, item seeding, and monster seeding.
Effort percentage: 33.33%